What's wrong with that idiot?
He must be helpless.
I'll be handsome in three days at the online red conference.
Then behave well.
Just get past his spotlight.
It's not that you don't have a chance to inherit.
Leave, I understand.
Thank you, Wang.
Little money, please wait a moment.
My sister's coming down.
He is the most red emperor in the country.
This aura was a hundred times stronger than those little nets.
How can someone like that agree to be the host?
Master, he's useless.
I heard that Master Wang is a fool
Now it really seems to be
Do you still drink this big?
I heard that money wanted to work with me.
What are you going to cooperate with? I would like to invite Ms. Bach to this company as a host.
Are you insulting me?